Docs: Add guidelines for tests (#16784)
apache/iceberg: site/docs/contribute.md

## Testing

### Conventions and recommendations

- Test class names must start with `Test`, for example `TestExample`.

> - Recommend omitting the `public` modifier for test classes, test methods, and lifecycle methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Omit the `public` modifier for test classes, test methods, and lifecycle methods for newly added tests.
```

> - Recommend omitting the `test` prefix for test methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Omit the `test` prefix for newly added test methods.
```
